Larry Wilmore had a question for
me he was he was like totally
there too let's find out so let
me ask you this mars is there a
possibility that there could
have been I don't mean microbial
life but I mean actual
intelligent like human life on
Mars at one time I know done now
I say yes now extinct now
extinct I mean could mars have
been inhabited for a variety of
reasons maybe the atmosphere is
different it's all broken down
and out so I think about it off
and put some people that life on
Earth may have started on mars
and yes yes literally writes
coming over here ya go away
micro thing coming across the
planet here
spawns there so here's an
interesting thing about
civilization on earth if all
humans left Earth today you can
ask how long would you have to
wait for the wasn't a trace of
our existence here you have to
wait until the countenance
abducted bringing entire cities
with them into the lower levels
of the earth's crust and in
those zones is so hot everything
Mills back and gets spewed out
again what's the time frame for
that millions of years millions
of users not that loan watch
mars' is not as geologically
active as Earth now in now way
way far back millions of views
billions out so now you get into
billions so I think it's
unlikely unless we would have we
would see settlements along the
river banks that are now
completely dry if why would you
lose a city but still have the
Droid riverbed that's there that
does debt that doesn't play
right if you gonna decide we
were relating to its hear them
yes white house can you do it in
a lien city that evaporates when
they're done with it I mean I
don't know
evaporating series self-destruct
in school but not likely but not
likely precisely